daniel-readme.md, before:

# Home Exercise - Daniel Kohav

# ABOUT
This project is based on a fork of the following git repository:
https://github.com/ido83/maven-hello-world

The source code was edited in 2 places:
pom.xml (version > 1.0.0)
App.java (Hello World, Daniel Kohav)

-- General --
It implements a pipeline in GitHub Actions that on each run:
Increments the artifact version by 0.0.1 (in the pom.xml file).
Compiles the source code and packages it to a JAR artifact, using a Maven Docker image. The app is ran in a JRE based image.
Uploads the image to a Dockerhub repository.
Downloads and runs the Docker image.
A project design can be viewed here:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1bVRJXUwEymFnREgCRiZTiIUxgw9fxEoX/


-- Dockerfile --
I used 2 base Docker images, inside a multistage Dockerfile:
maven:3.8.7-openjdk-18-slim - for building the code.
openjdk:8-jre-alpine - for running the Artifact.

All the commands are ran using a non-root user.

-- GitHub Actions --
A single Job, with multiple stages:
Connect to repo - get the last commit to runner's working directory.
Versioning stage - Get the last version from Dockerhub and increment by 0.0.1. If image does not exist (empty repo) set version to 1.0.0.
Set up Docker Buildx - For using Docker on runner.
Login to DockerHub - Self explanatory.
Build image and push to DockerHub - Build the image, upload it to Dockerhub with the new version.
Run the image - Download the image from Dockerhub and run it.


# USAGE
Open a new public container repository on DockerHub.
Create an access key with read/write permissions on Dockerhub. Save it, we will use it later.
Fork the git repository: https://github.com/danieliko2/maven-hello-world
Create an environment named 'hw_env' for the project (Settings >> Environments >> New environment).
Create 2 environment secrets:
DH_UN - your Dockerhub Username.
DH_AT - The access key we just generated.
and 1 environment variable:
DH_REPO - the name of the Dockerhub repository (example: my_user/maven_hw_repo).

If an image does not exist in the repository, after a successful run, a 1.0.0 tagged image will be uploaded to the Dockerhub repository.
On  each next successful run, the tag will increment by 0.0.1.

# EXTRAS
I recommend reading the Journal (journal.docx), describing Bibok the Alien's adventure on Earth.

Commit message:

minor fixes to readme (private repository)

daniel-readme.md, after:

# Home Exercise - Daniel Kohav

# ABOUT
This project is based on a fork of the following git repository:
https://github.com/ido83/maven-hello-world

The source code was edited in 2 places:
pom.xml (version > 1.0.0)
App.java (Hello World, Daniel Kohav)

-- General --
It implements a pipeline in GitHub Actions that on each run:
Increments the artifact version by 0.0.1 (in the pom.xml file).
Compiles the source code and packages it to a JAR artifact, using a Maven Docker image. The app is ran in a JRE based image.
Uploads the image to a Dockerhub repository.
Downloads and runs the Docker image.
A project design can be viewed here:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1bVRJXUwEymFnREgCRiZTiIUxgw9fxEoX/


-- Dockerfile --
I used 2 base Docker images, inside a multistage Dockerfile:
maven:3.8.7-openjdk-18-slim - for building the code.
openjdk:8-jre-alpine - for running the Artifact.

All the commands are ran using a non-root user.

-- GitHub Actions --
A single Job, with multiple stages:
Login to DockerHub - For pushing image and fetching version in case it's a private repository.
Connect to repo - Get the last commit to runner's working directory.
Versioning stage - Get the last version from Dockerhub and increment by 0.0.1. If image does not exist (empty repo) set version to 1.0.0.
Set up Docker Buildx - For using Docker on runner.
Build image and push to DockerHub - Build the image, upload it to Dockerhub with the new version.
Run the image - Download the image from Dockerhub and run it.


# USAGE
Open a new (private or public) container repository on DockerHub.
Create an access key with read/write permissions on Dockerhub. Save it, we will use it later.
Fork the git repository: https://github.com/danieliko2/maven-hello-world
Create an environment named 'hw_env' for the project (Settings >> Environments >> New environment).
Create 2 environment secrets:
DH_UN - Your Dockerhub Username.
DH_AT - The access key we just generated.
and 1 environment variable:
DH_REPO - The name of the Dockerhub repository (example: my_user/maven_hw_repo).

If an image does not exist in the repository, after a successful run, a 1.0.0 tagged image will be uploaded to the Dockerhub repository.
On  each next successful run, the tag will increment by 0.0.1.

# EXTRAS
I recommend reading the Journal (journal.docx), describing Bibok the Alien's adventure on Earth.
